Well, good evening, everybody. Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're going to go over just what the Lord showed us this last time and the heaviness of that video.
I prayed over it most of the night last night, and we'll continue to pray over it today and for what the Lord has given us with our new assignments of praying for America, praying for President Trump, and continuing to lift our nation up, lifting up other nations, lifting up Canada, and so on and so on.
It seems like it's a never-ending deal here. But you know, God has chosen us for such a time as this.
And isn't it wonderful that we have said yes? I'm glad to be here.
I don't know about y'all; I guess you are because you're here.
But people wanted to know about the book that Diana was reading from last night because she didn't say.
She goes, "You know, Braden, I didn't even say which book I was."No, she did at the very end.
So I wanted to show you real quick. I won't make the broadcast real long tonight.
I'm trying to keep it shorter because last night was almost three hours.
I know you all have other things to do than just sitting here with me.
But we'll just cover things real quick, and then we'll pray and we're just going to lift up the nation.
This is the book. Let me hold it up here real quick. Can they see it well?
That's the book that she's reading. And when she was reading it last night, this is who she was reading.
And it's this man right here. Can you see that? We found it—somebody gave it to us or told us about it in an email.
I don't know if it was him or whatever, but everybody that I know now is reading this book, especially prayer people.
Pastor Kenneth and them are all reading it. They said they love it.
I think it's great. There are other people asking about it and wanting to know.
Let me have it one more time so you can see it. Is it good? Do they have a good photo of it?
Yeah, so you can see it. You can order it if you feel led to get it. I don't sell books; I don't try to push books.
I have people send me books from all over the place—self-published books, major book writers, all kinds of people trying to get me to promote their stuff on my channel so that they can sell their book and make money.
I'm only led whenever the Lord leads us to read something. Diana looks at all of it, and when we're led by the Spirit of the Lord to mention it, it's because it's something that we believe we will use and apply to our own lives.
Diana and I even told Pastor Kenneth last night, "This is something that I will want to read for the rest of my life, maybe once a month, once every quarter, whatever,"and really try to refresh yourself on what you're feeding on spiritually with the Word and supplements of how to keep yourself stirred up and in that champion mindset.
I've noticed—and a lot of people, I say it like this—with the gift that God has given me, Brandon doesn't control it, but I'm allowed to see a lot of things that people don't realize that I'm seeing.
And I know, and I know, and I know. Let me ensure that the focus thing is set because I don't want to be disturbed here. I don't want to be a parrot.
I noticed, just like whenever I study Kathryn Kuhlman a lot and being around Billy Burke and seeing his ministry and how he stands alone.
He doesn't have a lot of people in his circle. He's always by himself.
He's very to himself, very protective over the anointing that is on his life.
He doesn't allow people really in his inner circle. And neither did Sister Kuhlman.
There is a pioneer work, as I keep learning about all—I'm new to all this and I'm learning so much from the elders and stuff.
It's really easy to be in the place of going, "Oh, we don't touch your glory, Lord,"and you say certain things until you're in a position to touch it.
You can parrot a lot of things until the glory is on you and pressure comes.
Flesh always wants to be praised. Regardless of who you are, you always want that 'atta boy'or whatever.
But I realized that's what Satan was wanting. His whole mission of operation, his M.O., was to be glorified.
He wanted what God got. He wanted to exalt his kingdom. He wanted to be the Most High.
"I will be bigger than Him; I'll do this."So, whenever you see people and they parrot things and they say they want end-time glory, they want the revival, they want these things—I watch, and the Lord allows me to see it.
There are so many people that parrot and say they want something that they have no heart for at all. Fruit always displays what your root truly is.
And I watch a lot of people because to have a revival like John Kilpatrick did at Pensacola back in the '90s, that takes some effort beyond anything that anybody will ever comprehend.
To have a meeting every single day—I don't even know when they had off, or if they ever had off, like Sundays or whatever.
Probably not Sundays, but if they had an off day, they had to have some rest or they alternated people out.
But to really have revival in your church and say, "Listen, we're sold out.
We're going to have church in here 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
We're going to have revival up in this place,"and not just have these little four-day tent meeting revivals where you go, "Wahoo, we had revival,"and you're kidding yourself.
That's not revival. You had a four-day meeting and you're calling it revival.
When the Lord says, "I'm bringing revival to the nation; I'm going to bring a revival to these places,"when I told you I saw Minnesota and he said, "I want to do it in Tennessee and I have Mobile, Alabama again, and I want to use John Kilpatrick again, and I'm going to use these generals"—well, why?
Because they are sold out. They know what it takes. And the Lord has me praying for these individuals, these men, to be strong like Moses, that their blood will be good, that they will make it to the end, live long, and finish strong.
But you have a lot of people that have been raised 'churched,'as I want to call them.
There are a lot of churched people that say a lot and say, "Oh, we want this,"but your heart never displays it by the fruit.
Does that make sense? You can say a lot, but you're not acting it. You don't try to implement what you believe.
You can say a lot of things and say, "We want to grow a ministry."Diana said one of the major classes I took in church growth and planting—they always teach you that the first five years of your ministry really determines the whole outcome for the rest of it.
It's like Joel Osteen. Let me say it like this: Joel Osteen has the largest church in America.
But as he got there, it plateaued. Where did it go any higher?
What was the cutoff point with the church and how many people started to attend there?
Is he still growing? Does he have multiple services every single week and it's bigger than Dr.
Cho's church was in South Korea? There's a point of a climax and it stops in ministry.
As I'm observing and watching other ministers, they say, "Well, we've been in ministry for 30 years, 20 years, 50 years,"and all this stuff, and you see it, but their ministry is still the same.
They hit the plateau of where they are and they really have not gone anywhere year after year.
And you watch certain things, but they talk about the revival. They talk about this and that.
As a young student, I watch and ask, "How do I implement what I'm learning?"because I'm just starting out and learning from many people.
I watch big ministries all around now, and I am privy to a lot of conversations that I never was before.
But I don't want to be a parrot; that's what I'm trying to say.
When you are a groundbreaker into something that has never been done before—Kathryn Kuhlman was persecuted.
They said she was a witch. They said she's a woman and she can't be used of God because she is a woman. "You can't use a woman."And Kathryn Kuhlman was a woman.
She went through so much to get where she was—most people would never have been there—but she was sold out, and it was real.
This is versus somebody who's in ministry that has always been there because their mom and dad were in ministry, so they just followed behind them and inherited what they had.
There's a big difference between being like a Billy Burke—being a trailblazer that is still going strong—and hearing some people that are parrots.
I watch a lot of parrots; I watch the parrots. But where is it truly at in you when you say, "I want revival"?
I'm trying to challenge you right now because this is going to cost you something.
What we're about to see, what we're about to participate in, is not something that we can just dip in when we feel comfortable with it.
"Well, the glory's here, brother. Hallelujah!"And then all of a sudden, you're just like, "You know what?
I feel like going to the movies tonight, and I don't really want to have service because it's not convenient."This isn't going to be convenient.
I've never had the opportunity to talk to John Kilpatrick about it, but if I ever did, it would be a blessing.
I always think when I process and watch Azusa, and they said it lasted for so many years and it went every day.
William Seymour would sit in the corner and put the box on his head and do those things.
What did it take for this man praying for Finney—what was his name? Nash. This is Nash.
Finney praying for the revival and him going through for the Great Awakening of America.
But the Lord said, "I'm going to do a Great Awakening."It's not convenient to be unnoticed. He talks about not being noticed.
He talks about being the person that is never thanked for the sacrifice of prayer that he did.
Everybody was always looking at Finney because he was on the stage, saying, "Oh, Finney's so great."But it took Nash praying and doing this cultivation of prayer—the blood, sweat, and tears of prayer.
I'm talking about the hard work to really be sold out to prayer and not go, "Well, where's my name in lights?"because your flesh always wants to be thanked.
"Well, I gave this to the ministry. I gave that. I did this. Where's my name in that?
I held a hand in that."And that's what the Lord was saying: "Are you really truly dead?"When Kathryn Kuhlman said, "I'm dead.
I don't want to grieve the Holy Spirit."In the things she says—I thought when I watched her at a meeting and she was doing it—there is a guy uploading these things, and I watch her.
But she really was sold out, and it was never about her. She always says, "I want you to take your eyes off of Kathryn for a moment and realize that you're not here for Kathryn.
You're here for Jesus."And I watch and I go, "That's not something she's parroting. This was original."But there are a lot of copycats.
There are a lot of copycats in the prophetic, and they say, "Well, I heard it."And maybe they did, maybe they didn't. But you have to be a pioneer.
And that's when the Lord said, "Brandon, I've called you to stand alone and do this prayer channel and do what I've called you to do."But always know it's never you; you are the glove.
I was out doing my yard today, and He said, "Never forget that you're just the glove.
I am coming in the glove and giving the glove life. Always remember this."I sat there and said, "Yes, Lord, You remind me a lot.
How thick of a head do I have?"Obviously, if the Father keeps telling you something over and over again, you have to remind yourself. I told Diana tonight, "I don't like tattoos.
If you get a tattoo, I'm not condemning it, but I just don't want to mark my body up."But I told her tonight that I got a prophetic word from Billy that was very private, and I knew it was smack-dab on because it was one of those words that hits you in the stomach. I told Diana, "I keep forgetting it.
I've got to get it tattooed on my forearm so every day I can look at that word that God gave me."I know it was the Lord, and I said, "I've got to write it down on my forearm so I can remind myself and never forget what God said."Because time goes by and you become spaced out.
You get these words, you've got this rhema word from God, and you're just like, "Squirrel!"You're looking at the squirrel over there and you're going, "Oh, I forgot.
I remember now."Diana goes, "How quickly you forget,"because Diana remembers the words a lot.
Diana's very smart, and thank God for her, she always sits out there and counsels me: "This is what the Lord said.
Do you not remember this?"I say, "Yeah, I do. I remember it very clearly.
I just sometimes think I can change it through prayer or whatever."But it was a word that the Lord said, and it was private to us.
I listen to what the Spirit of the Lord said today about the broadcast: praying for you, praying for your seed, praying for whenever somebody blesses me that I'm always diligent about blessing.
There's a lady who said, "Brandon, I want a baby so bad. My husband and I..."So they sowed a seed to our ministry.
"Will you please pray for us?"This was several months back, and I was diligent.
Diana and I both interceded, and she came back. She said, "I just want to let you know we're pregnant.
The night we sowed the seed, we actually received, and we're expecting our first baby."Diana said, "I want to show you all the people who were believing for children,"because God put it on our heart to pray for you when you want a child and you haven't been able to because of whatever, from the COVID vaccine or whatever.
There are so many people that have hormone issues right now that cannot conceive.
You would not believe the list of people believing for children that have never been able to have one and are all of a sudden having a baby—or you're pregnant and they can't find the heartbeat—and we're interceding for you.
Your vine will not cast fruit before its time. We are standing with you.
But that one person who said, "I've sowed this seed believing,"because they gave a sacrificial gift believing for a child...
I told Diana that touched me. And when I saw the fruit, they said, "We're pregnant."I'm pregnant. Thank you for being good ground and for praying for us.
I told Diana, "Those are the ones who come back to tell the Lord thank you."It's not just Brandon and Diana, but it's exciting to hear your testimony and what God did in your life.
Congratulations. I believe that you'll have a healthy baby and a good, healthy pregnancy. No miscarriages, nothing; that's what I'm trying to say.
It's interesting—there are so many people with good hearts, and I know the Lord wants a breakthrough in your life.
I really want to say I played a part in something on the other side, whatever that may be.
I don't always have to be behind a pulpit. I could just be like this, even because I have a camera. I'd pray like this regardless.
Last night, we prayed and prayed; Diana and I were interceding for most of the night for Boston and the game today, and all the things the Lord showed us.
We'll go over that. But maybe you can be like this man who just prayed for Finney.
Never take what you do as nothing. Always give God glory for everything.
You are a big part of the end-time revival behind this camera as we raise up millions of people and prayer warriors all around this world.
Prayer is what's going to get the manifestation of what we're believing for. I truly believe it.
I'm always challenged; I try to challenge myself with books and things to stir myself up to always keep at the forefront that it is Him, not you.
I don't want to be a parrot or someone riding on someone's tailwind—like when you see someone riding in the draft of a semi. I want to be a trailblazer, a pioneer worker.
There are stones all around, but we're going to make the soil ready with prayer for people who have the anointing to bring them in.
It's not always going to be fun or noticed, but you may be the one picking the rocks out so the ground is soft and pliable for when the Charles Finneys of this generation or the Billy Grahams come along.
If that's what God's called me to be—to dig rocks out of the ground and to pray—then we all have our part to play.
Regardless of whether you are a huge speaker in a big auditorium or not, I don't want to plateau.
I'm not criticizing Joel; I just know there's a plateau in every ministry unless you keep grabbing and don't become comfortable and satisfied with where you are.
Pastor Chip always talks about championship teams. Did the Kansas City Chiefs become comfortable after they won so many times?
Why were they so terrible last year? They had the same players, but they were really bad and weren't fun to watch anymore.
You become complacent. The Golden State Warriors were good for a while with Steph Curry and were fun to watch.
You had a dynasty there that fell apart. The same thing happened with Michael Jordan's team.
I don't ever want to be that championship team that falls apart for the Lord.
You should always be grabbing, pulling yourself up, going from glory to glory, and not being satisfied with repeating somebody else's words.
I want to challenge you to keep growing and seeking Him. There's always something new you can learn from the Holy Spirit.
I like George Washington Carver, the man who talked with the flowers.
Sister Billie introduced that book, and she always talks about George Washington Carver.
He was an African-American man during a hard time with prejudice and racism, but he prevailed and was able to succeed whenever most African-Americans weren't.
He had that bulldog mentality: "I'm going to make it. I don't care what anyone else says; I'm going to do what God's called me to do."I respect George Washington Carver.
I read his book, "The Man Who Talked with the flowers."My God, that guy went through something in a very racist area, but he never let the racism define him.
He became what God called him to be. He would get up every morning and talk to the Father, the Great Creator.
He was a trailblazer. You can't let the color of your skin, your gender, or anything else tell you you're not good enough.
When God puts His hand on you, I don't care what they say; you will be what God called you to be.
When I was a janitor, I asked to preach the gospel, and they said, "No, you're a janitor; go clean. I don't see the call on your life."But I felt God told me.
A lot of people may not see it, but Jesus does, and He said, "I want you to go on YouTube and pray."So, even if people don't acknowledge your call or want you in their inner circle, it doesn't matter.
I always look for the camaraderie of things. How many times did Brother Kenneth Hagin hang out with Oral Roberts?
I've never seen them preach together, but they were in the same city, almost on the same street.
Yet, I hardly ever saw them preaching at each other's conferences. They had some of the biggest ministries.
I drive by them and get inspired by the mega-church, the grounds, and the school.
I drive by and look at the City of Faith, the big tower, and the things spinning on the top of the building.
I drive around Oral Roberts University to keep myself inspired.
Even if you have the same mission, some camps don't function with other camps.
I'm learning because I'm in one of the greatest cities in the Bible Belt. And maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe they hung out every day; I just never saw it on video because I watch all of them.
But I hardly ever hear them talking about each other very often, even in their sermons.
But yet they were that close together. You know what I'm saying? I mean, they're like less than five miles apart probably.
And I'm thinking, because I drive over there, I'm looking and they're almost on the same street.
But does that make them bad? No. It just means they did what they were called to do.
And there's a whole lot of other ministries here. There's all kinds of churches in Tulsa. I don't know.
I'm just learning, and I watch and I say, 'Hmm, this is all so interesting to me.'So people go, 'Well, boy, you treading on really soft, rice paper thin.
You shouldn't say some of the things you say.'I ain't scared of it.
I just look at it and I'm just real. I'm not trying to make something out of nothing, but I just watch.
And like I said, maybe that's why I'm where I'm at and they are where they are at.
I always ask the hard questions because I want to learn, because I want to go and be close to Him. Y'all have an opinion and it changes all the time.
The same person who gets excited and tells me I'm good in one email is mad the next couple of days, telling me I'm going to hell.
And I get them all the time. 'We really like you.'And then the next one, you're mad and you're saying profanity at me in emails.
And I'm going, 'That's interesting.'D goes, 'Isn't that interesting?'I said, 'No, it's just people.'All right.
So, be a trailblazer. Be somebody who is getting the rocks out of there like us.
And when it's all said and done, no matter who's in your tent and who's in your camp, we're in a time like we've never seen before.
And we're going to touch the nations for Jesus. And we may be the only ones in our little group—me, my son, and my wife—and we're all standing together.
We don't have to have people in our corner being our cheerleader and telling us how great we are or what we're doing.
Jesus already did that: 'I love you, Brandon. Keep going.'And we just keep doing what He's asked us to do.
And we're so excited that there are so many of you that show up and want to pray with us. But that's what I had to say tonight.
Every single night, I always try to be a little different for things that are on my heart and things that I'm thinking.
You say, 'That's Brandon's thoughts today.'All right. There.
Now, tell them what you want to tell them because I told them what I felt like I wanted to say.
You're done. What was it that happened? Yeah. I can go over some of the things we saw last night.
We saw a lot. And I'm going to tell you this: after I saw what I saw, it shook me.
And there's a lot of you that think that we're years and years away from Jesus Christ coming back, and you are greatly deceived. Jesus is coming, and He's coming very soon.
And as I was looking into the Boston Marathon and things like that, praying over the 20th and the 18th—the Lord highlighted the 20th and the 18th—and Coachella, praying over these oil wells.
There was so much that the Lord had us praying for last night: praying over the NBA, praying over the NBA teams, certain ones.
And like I said, I don't say a whole lot because there's a lot of you that gamble, and you go, 'Well, you're telling me to...'It's not a gamble.
I pray over this and they start accusing me: 'Are you saying this team?
Are you saying this team and this team are going to be together in the playoffs?'I'm telling you what I'm praying over.
So then you want to go and gamble, and it's like, my God, what is wrong with the immaturity of some of these people?
I'm not saying that. The Lord said to pray over these teams. You can pray over Boston.
You can pray over New York. You can pray over these teams. Both look like they could be doing something in the future.
I don't know. I don't follow sports a whole lot. The Lord just talks about sports because He knows I like the Thunder.
And so, okay, this is very serious. Do you remember when I told you I saw a draft coming?
Do you remember when I told you that they would use women in the draft?
And I said I saw Trump being president during this time frame.
I said, 'I saw a draft coming to America, and they didn't just draft the men; they drafted the women.'And I said, 'Pray against this. Pray against it.'Does anybody remember that?
Put it in the comments section right now if you remember me talking about the draft and that they would draft your women too because they wanted to have equal rights.
And I said women would be drafted too, and they would be called into service—a younger generation of women. Does anybody remember that?
I saw it in the vision and we were praying over it, and I said they were going to Europe and they were going over places because we got struck on America's soil.
I don't know if you all remember this; the Lord shows us quite a bit and we're grateful for everything.
But now I want you to see what we prayed over a year and a half or two years ago is now in the news.
Can you show them that now? That disturbed me a little bit. Is there more?
So, you see they're talking about automatically doing all this and making sure your kids are ready for war. Now, I don't agree with that.
I don't agree with any war, but especially forcing people to go fight if they didn't register for it and they don't want to do it.
But it's sad because I told you I saw it coming, what the Lord showed us about a major draft and that they would have to do it in the days ahead.
And so many women got so upset about it and freaked out about it.
Now, I'm trying to tell you what the Lord showed me. And I'm not trying to stir up fear.
I'm trying to tell you we must pray because of even what I told you last night.
Okay, this is what I thought was interesting. Thank you, Holy Spirit.
He starts helping me because I wait for the anointing to hit me, and then finally I start feeling it come on me.
So, y'all have to bear with me because I can't do this without Him. But I saw a red cross.
The Red Cross was over Boston and the Lord said, 'Pray over this time frame, for it will be about the Red Cross.'And I told you that.
Does anyone remember that last night? And I said, 'I see a red cross. It's about hospitals.
I see hospitals with red crosses on them.'See, I hear in part and I see in part, but a lot of times I don't know what I'm seeing. I just call out the vision of what I'm seeing as I'm praying.
And I said, 'It's about a red cross.'And I said, 'There's a massive red cross, so much so that a helicopter could land on it.'Does anybody remember that?
I said, 'I see it, and it looks like it's about hospitals.'So, not wanting to add to or take away from anything, the Red Cross has a Run for the Red Cross in Boston on the 18th.
Pretty interesting, huh? It's a Red Cross. And I said, 'I see red crosses everywhere.
It looks like hospitals.'Just remember that, because I don't know what I'm saying. But they take notes. Braden—he's over there taking notes.
He has everything down and he's taking notes for everything the Lord's showing because he knows how the gift flows and he knows what we're looking for afterwards, because I can't stop and say, 'Write this down.'Braden's trained and he knows exactly what we are looking for.
Okay. So, the Red Cross runner, the Red Cross... see that? It's on April the 20th, right?
So, it's during this time frame, but the Boston Marathon starts all next week and it goes for several days with several different kinds of events, from what I understand.
But it's a red cross. So, isn't that kind of interesting how the Lord does that?
I think it's interesting because I thought, 'Why am I seeing all these hospitals?'The Lord said, 'It's not about that. It's about the Red Cross.
It's about this hospital.'And I thought, 'What are you showing me?'I said, 'The hospitals are in trouble,'because that's what I'm seeing.
Hospitals are in trouble. What is it about this Red Cross? So then I saw a massive storm over Boston and I said it's over the New York area, all up there in the East.
But I said this storm is so black, like onyx, that you can't see through it.
And there are so many lightning bolts coming out of it. It looks like an electric storm.
In this storm, it is so massive and so dark that it's coming, and I could see it.
Then I saw people with shamrocks and green and white outfits and jerseys walking down the street.
I said, 'I see these people celebrating basketball.'I said, 'Then I see the Knicks, the New York Knicks.'And I said, 'Watch these two teams.'What does that mean?
I don't know. They're going to play each other. People said, 'Brandon, excuse me.'People said, 'Brandon, they're playing tonight,'which was tonight.
Well, nothing happened. The game's over, thank God. They played tonight.
That was the night before—the day before—and I said these two teams, I see them not knowing they were playing tonight.
And the Lord said, 'You're not praying for tomorrow,'because I started interceding for the game and I told everybody it's not about today, it's not about the next couple of hours, not tomorrow.
The Lord said, 'This is something else. Keep praying over this.'Does anybody remember that?
I said this is not about now. This is about something else. We must continue to pray over Boston and the Knicks.
So, I was looking at all the different scenarios about Boston and the Knicks trying to figure out what the Lord is saying.
You don't want to add to or take away from anything. Could they meet each other in the playoffs?
Could they do this? Could they do that? You're trying to add it together.
What is God saying? Then you get in trouble. He didn't say to do that.
He didn't say that it was about the playoffs. He didn't say anything.
He said, 'Pray over Boston and the Knicks.'And we cannot add to or take away from anything because if you do, you make a fool out of yourself and you don't know. And I said, 'You'll get more and more as you pray into this.
God will show you more and more as you yield to Him, and He's going to show you more and more about the end times as you yield to Him.'And as I was sitting there, it all flashed before me.
That's why I was trying to tell you how dark the tribulation truly is.
I said, 'Y'all, from the leaders in Europe to all that's coming,'I said, 'My goodness,'as I was looking at it, it was coming at me so fast: the beast system, AI—and I could see AI and I could see a demon behind AI.
But this demon was all part of the mark of the beast and the beast system and it was all coming out of AI.
There was so much darkness in this, and we went over it all with a fine-tooth comb last night trying to go over things.
Brandon kept bringing the notes out and we were going over things.
I just know we're in the last days, and as I was praying into the revival and praying into the churches and what's coming to pray for the churches to wake up.
The beginning of what I was just saying was that books like this are to stir yourself up to get ready so you can help plow the fields for what's about to take place. So, we're going to continue to pray.
Then the other part was I saw boats with what looked like PVC pipes that were shooting off rockets—some kind of an explosive device in a long tube that was really strong.
It was a homemade, homegrown rocket launcher that looked like something you'd set in a boat, with some C4 or whatever inside of it.
And they lit it with a lighter. Boom! And this thing shot like a cannon.
It shot up in the air and it was shooting into crowds from the river into power plants.
I saw these men on these boats that were hiding the boat in the woods off of the river so that it would not be noticed.
It was camouflaged with brush and stuff on top of it so that people would not know. And it was tied to a tree with a yellow rope.
I could see these men and they were using fishing poles and they were fishing off of this boat going down the river or the streams.
As one was fishing, the other was trolling with the motor on the boat and the other was taking pictures subtly doing surveillance and recon. The Lord called it recon last night.
He said, 'They're doing recon.'So I saw them taking pictures of power plants, tourist destinations where people are not alert and just kind of having a good time.
And they were on a boat like in New Orleans in these areas where they were just kind of messing around acting like they were fishing. I don't know, like in a city.
I don't want to call out New Orleans because I don't know what city it was, but it looked like something like that—like the Mississippi—a boat where they were out there trolling around and they were fishing.
Oh, and he had a fishing hat on with a fishing vest and a life vest, and they looked the part.
But the Lord said they're doing this because they would bring suspicion.
They were sus. And I don't know why that word's so hard for me.
It's been that way a long, long time. They were all so sus. And Brandon, I love you. They're just so sus.
They didn't want to draw attention to themselves if they were in a city taking pictures and acting like a bunch of dudes walking around that look like terrorists, because people are going to start noticing you doing that.
So these dudes are out there floating around in a boat fishing and that was their recon mission. I saw the plans on the wall in their apartment complexes.
They had blueprints of things that they had done with drones to do this recon over time—of power plants, gas structures where they're making gas for our electric grid, and trains that carry fuel like propane or natural gas or gasoline.
They looked like big propane tanks on train tracks and they were taking pictures of things that were vulnerable.
What was a high target? Okay, I was watching these men do this in the spirit last night and I saw them and they were hiding.
They were trying to go into a lot of trees so they would not be noticed.
These visions are very detailed and I see them happening on the East Coast, the central part, and the West Coast.
They're all over America and you can thank Joe Biden for that.
I'm telling you, they came over during Joe Biden's administration and it's very serious—through the tunnels underneath the ground in Arizona.
I told you, I said, they're still trafficking these people and they're paying big bucks to the drug cartel to bring them over in these tunnels. And I said I saw tunnels coming out in the mountains.
I saw tunnels coming out in these certain cities and I warned you about it, and I said they're still using those tunnels to bring people in without being noticed.
But not only is it on the southern border, it's on the northern border by Canada and they're coming through Canada.
I see these things and the Lord tells me to pray. We pray over Tuttle.
We pray over these gas plants because the Lord said there is retaliation now for what's going on in Iran and what's happening right now with Israel.
They say ceasefire, no ceasefire, all this stuff. I told you there's no ceasefire.
They're going to end up stirring this thing up. They want to hurt each other.
This is not a normal war. Why? Because it's a holy war. This is about bringing forth a Mahdi.
So you're not going to just have a ceasefire on people who are hellbent since the time of the Philistines on trying to kill each other.
It's a holy war. It's been going on since Bible times. To me, this is a different kind of thing.
It's not like Vietnam or whatever. This is the end of the end.
This is a different kind of thing that's happening right now, and I'm excited that we're living in these last days.
The other part was praying over the witchcraft that is coming against our president.
I saw a demonic storm of witchcraft over the White House. And I keep telling you this, you must pray over his mind.
He is being attacked by the occult, and he needs prayer covering.
The Lord said he needs prayers in there other than what's already there.
I'm not trying to knock anybody down that's over his spiritual cabinet.
The Lord said he needs prayer in front of him, on the back of him, and on the sides of him.
For what is coming against him is not what's normal for a presidency. I saw a great strategic occultic assignment.
I told you about the photos; they were killing chickens and drinking the blood.
It was nasty. I said these people are morphing into looking like werewolves.
They look like they're shapeshifting and they look like they're turning into some kind of demonic being.
I've never seen that before. But I said, this is a different kind of occult I've never seen before.
People say, 'Well, Braden, that's happening.'I'm like, 'Well, not in my neck of the woods.
We don't know about that kind of stuff, people turning into animals.'But you know, the occult tries to do some crazy stuff.
But I know that Jesus gave us power and authority over this to tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
I don't care if they're licking crystals, drinking blood, or doing whatever.
If the Bible says no weapon formed against us is going to prosper, that's what we stand by.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand.
But I'm trying to tell you, it's time we pray for our president like we've never prayed before.
I don't care if they drink a cow's blood or whatever they think they're going to do.
The Bible says greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.
And if you believe it, you believe it. If you don't, you don't.
But it's time we stand up and pray for him more and more because I saw an assignment on his life to keep putting this pressure and make him act crazy, trying to come against his mind.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for him. Pray for his mind. He's under more pressure than you could ever imagine concerning this nation.'He is the closer.
He's leading this thing right into where we should be for the end-time church.
And I truly believe God has put him in this position for such a time as this.
And if the church doesn't rise, the Lord said, 'I'm holding the church accountable.'I've told you that.
He said, 'I'm holding the church accountable for what happens with this man.'I take that with great responsibility to say, 'Hey, listen.
Not on my watch. You're going to pray for JD Vance. You're going to pray for these people.'And praying for Alex Jones; God said he's going to be a major mouthpiece in these last days.
Praying for Elon Musk, the Kardashians, and Justin Bieber.
We'll continue to do so. I'm so thankful you're here. So, I've said enough.
But do you have anything else in clips you want to show? You saw missing guns? Oh, I saw missing guns in Boston.
There were guns that were not accounted for, and they were in terrorist hands.
I don't know if this was deliberate or if it was an accident. Maybe it was an accident.
Let's go. What else do you want to see? Minister's injuries?
I haven't heard yet. Who is that? Minister. Wow. They all kind of look the same, don't they?
Same haircut, same beard. It's like every one of them is inbred.
You could say they're all brothers or something. We've got to pray for them.
Sorry, I'm just tired. I shouldn't say stuff I say. Father, we thank you.
Who are these three? Okay, so there's Jared. I told you to watch for Jared.
Here he comes. I said, who is he? The errand boy to the Antichrist.
The errand boy is running. There's the errand boy to the Antichrist.
There he is right there, folks. He's on a mission. It's already happening.
The errand boy is in motion with JD Vance. What a dynamic duo. Who are these other guys? Iran.
Yeah, they probably won't be alive by the time we have the meeting after you show their faces.
So, it won't matter. We have two new ones today. They announced them; they're done.
We have another set of people because Israel got rid of them today.
We have some more negotiating people today and we want to bring them out there.
Five minutes later, breaking news: they're no longer here.
We have some new ones. All right, let's pray. See, sympathizers. This is one of the sympathizers.
Texas man accused of bringing a loaded gun to church, threatening to kill a pastor.
Is this a sympathizer to ISIS? Because that's what the Lord told us.
He said, 'Watch for sympathizers.'He had more than a hundred rounds of ammo and was tackled by church security during a Sunday service in Houston.
Oh, glory to God. I didn't know that. This is what we were praying for.
I believe we had a hand in stopping that. Thank the Lord, Braden.
That's a good find. He wasn't able to kill the people, and it was in Houston.
Lord said, 'Pray over Houston, Texas.'Look, he was in Houston, Texas.
Wow, Braden, good find. See, isn't it cool how prayer works?
He had a loaded.22 caliber revolver and threatened to kill the pastor.
So it wasn't a 9mm or a.45; it was a.22. Interesting. Well, thank you, Father, that nobody was hurt.
God, you're so good. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, we give you praise and glory for all that you've done and all that you continue to do.
Thank you, Lord, that you delivered the churches on Easter.
Father, we just give you praise and glory for it right now. You have been such a friend to us.
You are such a good father. Thank you, Lord, that this did not happen.
No matter what the plot, no matter what the plan, this is what I'm trying to tell you all.
If we join together, many hands make light work, and look what's happening.
We can change things through prayer. Thank you, Jesus, in Houston.
Isn't Jesus wonderful, Braden? That blessed me. That was a good find, son. Good job. That's so cool. And Houston too? Wow.
I wonder when we'll hear about the other churches, because I know I saw others.
The Lord said He's protecting them all. So, Father, we lift up this body before You. We thank You, Lord, for all that You did for us on the cross.
Lord, as we pray over our nation, as we come before You boldly, we thank You that we are healed by Your stripes.
We're so grateful for the testimonies of the women who are receiving children.
And Father, I pray over them specifically tonight that their vine will not cast fruit before the time.
We thank You, Lord, that they will have a harvest, and Father, the child that they have conceived will bring great joy to that household.
I thank You, Father, that the labor will be easy, that it will be short, that it won't be long and drawn out or very painful.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the peace that passes our understanding is over this family, that they're not always worried, 'Are we going to miscarry?
Are we going to have torment?'No, we say fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
We refuse to fear. God gave us this child, and we will have a son or a daughter, and we will not be afraid of this.
We call the heart to function, all ten fingers and all ten toes.
We call everything that is in this womb to function and do what it's supposed to.
And God, we give You praise and glory for it in Jesus'name. Thank You, Lord, for the body.
We thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well and all the others that are believing to have children in this end-time army.
God, we thank You, Lord, that we occupy until You come. We're so grateful.
We're so thankful, Father, that people are fruitful and they are multiplying and replenishing the earth.
And Father, we're so grateful that we're raising up godly children before You.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over the man's body and the woman's.
And we thank You, Lord, those that are still standing for a child, Father, they will receive now in Jesus'name—healed and whole and well from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
I believe that they receive and they believe they receive. So Father, we agree, and where we're touching anything, it shall be done. We believe.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the healing power that flows on the inside of us in the name of Jesus, and we take this body in Jesus'name.
Lord, we thank You for the blood. We apply the blood. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus. And we thank You, Lord, that Your blood never loses its power.
Great is Your faithfulness to us, Lord. Great is Your faithfulness to us, Father.
That You, Father, became sin for us. You became sickness. You became all poverty, lack, and not enough; You took it all.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that by Your stripes we're healed. I thank You, Lord, that our minds are renewed.
I thank You, Lord, that we hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow. I thank You, Father.
I plead the blood over this house right now in the name of Jesus and over this time of prayer.
And if there's anything You want to show me tonight, we yield ourselves to You. We yield ourselves to hear You, God.
And we thank You, Lord, that we hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
I apply the blood. And we thank You, Lord, in Jesus'name for the blood of Jesus.
Amen. And I know—I just realized there's people who get really upset.
I didn't mean any disrespect by crushing my wafer with my hand. I have to address that.
The Holy Spirit—there's people who get real upset about you, Brandon. It was a habit.
I just did something stupid with my fingers when I was touching the wafer.
I meant no disrespect to the sacraments. I apologize to those that I know I offended.
I heard it immediately when I took it, and I apologize if I dishonored anybody and what you feel about it.
I know because the Lord just corrected me. And so I fidget, and I had it in my fingers and I shouldn't have done it.
So I ask you to forgive me, please. I mean no disrespect to the sacraments.
We love you. All right. You want to pray with me and go down the river?
Let's go pray. All right. Let's see what the Holy Spirit has for us today.
I'm always curious of what He'll show us. If He doesn't show us anything, like I said, we're not here to perform.
We're here just to yield ourselves over, and if the Holy Spirit wants to use us, fine. If not, we're fine. I'm cool with it, too.
You know, I'm always here just so willing to say, 'Father, if You have something for us to pray, we're here for You today.
We love You, Jesus.'And so, we're so grateful. Father, I just love You. I thank You. We glorify Your name in all the earth.
Now, Lord, we lift up President Trump before You and we plead the blood of Jesus over him.
We take authority over the demonic attacks that have been coming against his mind, coming against him.
We apply the blood of Jesus over President Trump. We apply that he will finish his race. He will finish strong.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for bringing the prayer warriors that are standing around and about him.
Father, that You put them on the back, the front, the north, the south, the east, the west, around and about him to put a wall of protection with prayer around him.
That Father, he's able to think clearly and finish his job like he's supposed to. We praise You, Father.
We praise You, Lord, that You're calling us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
We put a hedge around and about President Trump right now in the name of Jesus. We praise You, Father, that he has wisdom.
He has revelation knowledge that he will be able to hear You and he takes no counsel from the ungodly and the deep state.
Father, that he will raise up right now and listen to godly people that have been put around him.
Father, he will not be swayed by opinions of man but by the leading of the Holy Ghost.
We ask You, Holy Spirit, to flood his office, to flood his room where he sleeps, to flood his car, to flood his planes, his helicopter, all where he's at.
I thank You, Lord, that there's a hedge around and about him.
Father, I cover him in the blood of Jesus. We take authority over Satan. And we tell you, you will not touch our president.
And we thank You, Lord, that he has great discernment on who he trusts and who he's listening to. Father, that he would have better discernment.
They may not have an Ivy League education, but just somebody that has some smarts that says, 'Listen, I have been with Jesus today, and He told me to tell you this.'And it would witness with what he heard—that it wouldn't always be somebody that could be a false prophet leading him around, but it would witness with what he already feels in his spirit prompted by You telling him, saying, 'Listen, it's just confirmation.'We're not led by a prophetic voice like that.
We're led by the Spirit. For those that are the sons of God are led by the Spirit of God.
And we know that we're led by the Spirit of the Lord. We're not led by prophetic voices.
We're led by the Spirit. We have discernment. We're able to discern.
They don't need a prophet like they did in the Old Testament because the Holy Spirit dwells on the inside of us.
But You still use prophetic voices today. But Father, it should confirm what he already hears.
It should confirm what he's hearing. We don't want somebody telling him, "Well, you should go this way, this way."No.
President Trump will hear the voice of the Lord for himself and it will confirm.
We ask for the confirmation. Confirm it in him. Bring the Holy Spirit.
Expand that flame inside of him right now. May he get into that Bible.
May he get into that word of God, Father, and let this become a priority in his life, that he does nothing without inquiring of You first. Let him inquire of You, Lord.
We ask You that he would fear You enough to inquire of every decision he's making in the Oval Office, every decision he's making concerning every nation, the decisions he's making, that the deep state is not leading him, that he's being led, filled with, and controlled by the Holy Spirit in these last days.
The deep state is a demon. It's by the Illuminati and the darkness that is around this planet to bring forth the Mahdi and the Antichrist system.
We believe, Father, that You've raised up Trump for such a time as this and that he'll hear Your voice and he will not be led by the deep state and the demonic agenda of this democratic force.
We thank You, Lord, that You're bringing forth godly people around him and that he would bring us back into repentance and prayer by telling the people even more in May, "We are making America one nation under God again."It's time for a rebirthing of America.
On our 250th anniversary, we say this is America and we are a nation that's one nation under God.
We will stay a nation, this one nation under God. And we dedicate ourselves again.
Kind of like a renewing of the vows in a marriage, we rededicate ourselves as a nation to be a nation that's one nation under God.
And we go back to what our forefathers said and what they had planned for this nation.
When the pilgrims set out to say, "This will be a nation where we separate ourselves, and this will be a nation that is about Jesus.
It will be about the Lord."And we're so thankful that the same angels that helped the pilgrims, the same angels that helped establish our Constitution, the same angels that were over our Bill of Rights, that the Holy Spirit that helped us, the same angels that were helping—I thank You, Lord, that they're here again.
They've never left. But we commission them right now in the name of Jesus to lead and to guide our politicians and the ones that are RINOs and have a backbone and are strong for the devil, You remove them by vote and that the vote will not be corrupted anymore.
And we call for the exposing of the darkness of the voter fraud in our nation.
And we thank You, Lord, that You're raising up people to uncover the darkness and the voting fraud in our nation. And we will vote for the Save America Act.
And the people get off their blessed assurance and get this done while we still have time to save America with the Save America Act.
We call this done in the name of Jesus. From sea to shining sea, from the Gulf to Canada, we call revival over our land.
And revival starts in our churches; the revival starts in our places of worship.
We call revival in the name of Jesus over America once again for a great awakening unto God.
Just like You did with Finney, just like You did with George Whitefield, we call in the great revival in the name of Jesus over our nation, that You're not finished with America yet.
We thank You, Lord. We believe, God, that You're able and that You shake America until its teeth rattle.
Wake them up, Father. Wake them up from across this land. Wake them up in the Baptist church.
Wake them up in the Catholic church. Wake them up in the charismatic church. Wake them up, Father. Wake them up, Lord.
All denominations, all tribes, all tongues, that we will proclaim that America is a nation that's under God.
Not just any god, the God: Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob and Brandon Biggs.
He's the God of the universe. He is El Elyon. He is Jehovah Jireh. He is everything that You need Him to be. I am that I am.
And I believe, Father, that this America, our America, this place—we stand in the gap for President Trump, that he'll get the job done.
That his blood, his heart, his organs, his mind, his blood pressure, his ankles, the blood flow to his ankles, the blood flow to his feet, the blood flow to his legs, his thighs, his heart, his arms, every organ that he has in his body, he will finish his race, and he will not be ousted before it's time unless it's Your time, Lord.
But I don't believe it's for JD Vance and I don't believe it's for these others.
I know, Father, it's just because we need to pray for him more.
And I thank You, Father, that he will finish his race. And I pray over his children. I pray over Don Jr. I pray over Eric.
I pray over Tiffany, over Barron, and over Ivanka, and even Kai, his granddaughter.
And I cover them in the blood. I say in the name of Jesus, every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it.
A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but it shall not come nigh them.
I thank You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camping around and about Melania, Vice President Vance, and his wife, Usha.
I pray over Usha and over her and her body and that she would know You.
I call her out of false religion and that she would have a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I ask You to shake her in the midnight hour. I ask You to stir her spirit right now and that she would say, "What must I do to be saved?
What must I do to serve the living God? I'm not going to serve a false god.
I'm not going to go down this path anymore, but I'm selling out to Jesus."And I call a fire on JD Vance from the top of his head to the soles of his feet to lead his wife and his children into a god-fearing relationship with Him.
I thank You, Lord, that You stir Usha in the name of Jesus. Usha, or whatever her name is—just make it easy. Father, I thank You, Lord, that we call her born again.
We call her filled with the Holy Ghost and we call her out of the pit of hell into the kingdom of God in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You, Lord, that You do the same thing for all the others that need it, from Don Jr.
to Barron to Tiffany to Ivanka. I call them saved. I call them born again. I call them filled with the Holy Ghost.
And I call President Trump radical for Jesus, that he's not just parroting for people's approval and popular opinion, but Father, it is a true revelation that Jesus Christ is not just our Lord, but he is Donald Trump's Lord.
I ask You, God, that You become so real to him even tonight. That You would become so real to our president right now as he's sleeping in his bed getting ready for a busy day tomorrow.
I ask You to give him dreams of You, Lord. Shake him in the midnight hour like Paul and Silas in the prison.
Shake him, Father. Wake him up, Lord. Shake him on the inside of him.
Let him know that You are here and that You're an ever-present help in a time of need.
Shake him on the inside, Lord, that he has a visitation and manifestations of the glory all around him.
That he would put his knee on the ground and have a Road to Damascus experience and it would shake him and it would be tangible and it would be visible like it was whenever his ear was wounded.
Shake him again. Lord, stir in his heart. Father, I thank You for all the Secret Service that are all around him.
I thank You, Lord, that they're attentive to his protection at all times. They're not distracted.
They're always watching for every present danger that would try to come nigh him.
That they're always ahead of whatever plot and every plan that the enemy would have to try to destroy his life.
I thank You, Father. They're smart, they're alert, and they are the best that this nation has to offer.
And I thank you, Father, that we will have revival in America again.
We will have prayer in the White House all the time. We will have the Holy Ghost and fire over this nation.
I thank you, Father, that you're not done. It's not time for America to completely crumble and do all this.
I believe I hear so many people say, "One more round."I'm believing, Father, that it will be something glorious—something glorious that you do with us.
Use us all for your glory: Australia, England, South Africa, and Asia.
As we're all praying and believing together, we're not just praying for America, but we're praying for Asia, Africa, Europe, the Middle East, and Israel.
We're calling forth revival from South America all the way around this world, so that we'll have the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
And when, Lord, you showed me again that virus being sprung forth by China, I take authority over that; we will not have a virus like the Black Plague touching the land.
Father, I thank you, Lord. We say, "Not now. Not now. You reserve that for the tribulation."It isn't happening now.
We raise up as believers that have a backbone like a crowbar and say, "You will not do this, Satan."We plead the blood of Jesus over our nations.
I thank you, Lord, that it just takes a leader to rise up like Charles Finney and say, "Hey, listen.
The revival's here."We pray right now for Holy Ghost and fire preachers, for people to back them in prayer, for those like John Kilpatrick and people like that. Father, they need prayer warriors.
We call prayer warriors to rise up and take our place of prayer and pray for our pastors, ministers, evangelists, prophets, and teachers—the ones behind the pulpit.
We pray for a stirring in them. Give them a fresh revelation. Give them a fresh word.
Give them fresh manna in the churches so they're not preaching some dead, dried-up religious garbage, but they're giving us the meat of the word and are able to stand and fight off the devil and come against this attack on our families and our culture.
Father, as the church goes, so does everything else. We realize that we are that backbone in the world and we stand up and be saltier.
But it has to come from the pulpits. First, it comes from the prayer warriors.
So we pray from the prayer to the pulpit; we pray for the prayers to pray for the people behind the pulpits. Stir them up, Father. Give them a fresh revelation.
Father, I call for new heavenly sounds coming from heaven: new worship leading, new worship songs, new songs from the heavens that will touch the throne room.
We call for heavenly worship in the name of Jesus over this nation and Australia.
Father, I thank you that the worship would be so heavenly that it would be like touching part of heaven, that heaven would invade earth—not just with some kind of dried-up sermons anymore and generic worship—but, "Oh, we're all in.
We're here to worship the King of Kings."Songs from heaven, songs of worship from heaven; we're calling them in.
We're calling in the pastors to stir up in Jesus'name, to lay hold of what God has for you and fight for it.
We're praying for you, pastors. Father, they just need a fresh touch.
They're just dry. A lot of these ministers mean well; they're just dry.
They need a new drink of fresh living water. Their cup is not overflowing anymore and it's becoming stagnant.
There are so many of them that just need to have that living water poured on the inside of them.
Father, I'm asking you that they drink from the well that shall never run dry.
Fill their cup, Lord, as they lift it up. Come and quench this thirsting of their soul.
Bread of heaven, feed them till they want no more. Fill their cup, fill it up, and make them whole.
And that they won't be jealous of the young lions coming up beside them.
I see them being intimidated by the new anointings and the new Davids—that they will not be like the Sauls trying to throw javelins at the Davids.
They'll not be jealous of the anointing and the impartation as they see the young lions, the new leaders rising up, and try to squash it because they feel too dry and intimidated by the anointing on their life.
I come against that spirit of jealousy and intimidation, worried about losing their pulpit to somebody else. That is very interesting; I'm seeing it all across.
There are a lot of insecure ministers who are afraid of losing, and they remain dry when they have people rising up around them with fire.
They will try to throw the javelin to destroy it because they're intimidated as they rise up with Holy Ghost and fire.
And the Lord said, "Pray for this."So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that it won't be a competition of who has the anointing and who doesn't.
There is a vast supply. Come to the river that never will run dry.
There's no reason to be in competition with one another. We're all on the same team together.
You can choose to drink just like everybody else. Stop being lazy.
Isn't that interesting? I see that so clearly across America.
There are young, new ministers and young platforms rising up.
And the people who've been in the pulpits for so long are intimidated by the anointing that they're seeing, and they're going to try to throw javelins at these young people and drive them away.
"Well, we don't want that in our church,"because they're insecure in their own relationship with the Lord. I see this right now in the spirit as I'm praying.
I see a lot of insecure elders and pastors that will be intimidated by the anointing that is on new, young voices—new people that rise up.
Embrace them. You may have had your time, and God's bringing up new faces. It's okay.
Work together as co-laborers, but don't try to kill the gift inside of them because of your insecurity.
It's spiritual cannibalism. The Lord said, "This is spiritual cannibalism and it's coming across the land.
It's not just America; there's spiritual cannibalism all across my church."I just heard it very strongly.
He said, "I am done with the spiritual cannibalism. You eat your own because of your own insecurity.
You try to destroy the gift inside somebody else because you see it as a threat to your platform."And the Lord said, "I'm done with this.
And if you keep doing this, I'll remove you and put them in your place. Embrace, educate, help.
Don't kill the gift that is inside somebody else because you've chosen not to drink from my river."It's your choice, but you're running out of time.
First Corinthians 5:5 is coming to full manifestation. He's dealing with all this insecurity.
It's no more time to play church; it's time for the church to rise up and have a backbone like a crowbar.
We can't be playing this stuff back and forth. And I see a lot of insecure ministers—and this is very serious, what I'm seeing.
I'm seeing this by the hand of the Lord right now, I'm telling you.
And the Lord is speaking to me so clearly. It's very sad, actually.
Spiritual intimidation, spiritual insecurity, a lot of insecure people. And the Lord said that it's gone on way too long.
'Well, they are carrying more anointing than I have and I don't want to lose my church to them.'Is it your church or is it the Lord's?
I have to ask you that. Is it your church or is it the Lord's? Do you lay claim to it?
You may have had a foundation in all those years, but does the church belong to Jesus or are you the church?
Are you the head of the church, sir? No, you're not. This is called having an entitlement.
There's an entitlement on people. The Lord said there's an entitlement on you that you feel you're entitled to the pulpit.
You feel entitled to this, and the Lord's trying to bring up people that you can mentor and help.
Maybe they'll be in your youth ministry; maybe they'll be in something else.
But don't be intimidated by the gift God's given in these young people.
Does that make sense, what I'm saying? I hear it very strongly.
And the Lord says, 'Listen, don't be insecure. Sharpen them. Help them. Put them out in the field. Let them go.
Let them go bring in people, but at least encourage the gift inside of them.
Don't kill it because you're insecure.'That's what the Lord's saying.
'Don't kill it because you're insecure. Help them. Tell them.
They might have more spark than you've got, but hey, listen, at least mentor them and say, "Listen, I've been there.
I was excited once. Help me."'Let that fire rub off on you. Get excited with them.
Drink from the well they're drinking out of. Get up there and say, 'Listen, I want to know what you're doing.
I'm excited. You're excited.'Does that make sense, what I'm saying?
Say 'amen'in the comment section if you understand what I'm saying.
I'm curious because this is what the Lord is showing me, and I've never seen this before.
And there is a lot of spiritual cannibalism happening in the church.
They're eating their own. That's interesting. Father, we thank you, Lord.
'Drink from the well that never shall run dry. Fill our cup, Lord, we lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill our cup, fill it up and make me whole. Fill our cup, Lord, we lift it up, Lord.
Fill our cup, fill it up and make me whole.'Thank you, Lord. We pray for our ministers. We pray for revival across this land.
We thank you, Lord, that we would preach righteousness and holiness back in our pulpits again.
Father, you're stirring inside of them. Father, it starts with our households.
Father, it starts with a praying family behind the table that they pray together. A family that prays together stays together.
A family that brings you first and brings Jesus Christ into the midst of their household knows that this is the foundation for a godly home.
'As for me and my house, we're going to serve the Lord.'We're going to put you first.
We're going to seek you daily, not just on Sundays. We're going to find you when we seek you.
And I believe with all my heart we are going to touch that hem of your garment.
Like the woman with the issue of blood, I reach out and I say, 'If I could just touch his hem, I will be made whole.'But if I can touch it every day, if I can know that if I touch it by faith, everything that I ever need is at his feet.
Everything that I need, just like she knew: 'If I can, I'll be whole if I can touch him.'I know that if I can just lay hold of him every day by faith, calling those things that be not as though they were, I will be whole in my life, in every area of my life.
I have a relationship with the King that has it all, and every single one of us can do it. He's no respecter of persons.
Jesus isn't there going, 'Well, you know, you're a little funny-looking, I'm not going to use you.'He'll use even the funny-looking.
It doesn't matter. 'Who do you say that I am?'Lord, I say you are the King of Kings, Lord of Lords, and you dwell on the inside of me.
As he is, so am I in this world. I believe that I will do greater works because you dwell on the inside of me.
Thank you, Holy Spirit. Help me to pray better. I yield to you.
Help me, Holy Spirit, to pray. Teach me to pray, Holy Spirit.
Teach me to come up higher in my prayer life with you. I can't do this on my own.
I yield to you, Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit, teach me to pray. Teach me to lay hands on the sick and see them recover.
Show me what I'm supposed to say. Teach me, oh God. Teach me. Flood my house with your goodness and your mercy.
Flood it. My home is a place where I want you to feel comfortable to be.
I will not grieve the Holy Spirit. Move on them today, oh Father.
Touch them where they are right now, every single one of them, from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
If they need deliverance in their body from demonic spirits that have been tormenting and harassing them, we call them free now in Jesus'name.
We call them delivered from their torment in their minds. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would get in that Word, and you shall know the truth and the truth will set you free.
The truth of God's Word. Holy Spirit, I thank you that the eyes of their understanding are flooded with light.
Flood their eyes. Flood their hearts. Flood them with light. Touch them, Father, right now in the name of Jesus.
Touch them, Father, with the fire of the Holy Ghost from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet, delivering them, Father, from everything that the demonic has put on them.
Father, they are free, and for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
I believe with them tonight that they'll not live one more day bound by any more satanic or demonic strongholds.
Today is the expiration date on what the devil meant to destroy them.
God, you're going to turn it around and get the glory out of it in Jesus'name.
What the devil meant for bad, I believe with all my heart, God, you're going to get the glory.
You turn my sorrow into joy. You turn the mourning into gladness.
Touch them one more time, Holy Ghost, tonight. Touch them from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
Become so real to them. Flood their room, flood their car, flood the place where they work; wherever they are, flood their life.
Become so real to them. You are the Great Comforter. Holy Spirit, you are the Great Comforter. I ask you to comfort those that are down today.
I ask you to lift them up, touch them, and lift them up to the overflow, that they just lift up their cup, Lord.
Fill it up until it overflows. Touch them once again, oh God. We leak out.
It's like Billy always told me, 'You've got to remain full.'What are you filled with?
Are you filled with the TV, with whatever filth you're watching?
Are you filled with the Holy Spirit? Is he filling you to overflow?
Because out of the abundance of the heart, whatever you're thinking on, whatever you're dwelling on, that's what's coming out of you.
Whatever you're watching, whatever you're feeding on. You can tell where somebody is, even with a sponge: the moment you push on it, what's inside starts to squeeze out.
The moment you're filled with the Holy Spirit and the more you're filled with the living water, even if it's saturated, you can push the side of a sponge and it's full of that living water and it just starts to ooze it because that's what it's full of.
You can always tell where somebody is at by what happens when you get around them and what starts to come out of them.
Where is your spiritual thermostat? What is inside of you the most is going to come out when you start getting around somebody enough.
Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks. If you're filled with prayer, if you're filled with the word, it's going to start coming out of you.
If you're filled with the world, if you're filled with fear, if you're filled with lust and dirtiness—you get around some men and they instantaneously start talking about something nasty regarding a woman and about things that they shouldn't be saying.
I knew somebody like that. Every time you went around them, they were always talking about perversion.
And you look at them and say, 'That's what you're feeding on the most.'Come to find out, they had a bad addiction to pornography.
The more you feed on pornography, that trash is going to come out of you.
You have to be the thermostat of your life and say, 'I'm going to feed on whatsoever things are good, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely.
I'm going to put that in my thoughts. I'm going to feed myself the word, and I'm going to listen to things that lift me up.'When the trying time comes and I push on the sponge, what comes out of me?
You're going to know a lot more in these next couple of years.
You're going to look back and you're going to say, 'I can see the ones that are truly all-in versus the ones that were just parrots of what he said he was doing in these last days.'Because you're going to be able to tell the thermostat of those that called themselves prophetic and were walking in an anointing versus the ones that are truly walking in it and will have fruit.
For those that have a great root will display great fruit in these last days, and signs and wonders will follow them.
When you lay hands on the sick and you tell me you walk in an anointing, it should have a manifestation behind it.
It's just a lot of parroting, a lot of lip service because you can hide behind a camera, you can hide behind your pulpit, and run off into your car and go away where you don't get to see the fruit.
I'm telling you, church is not going to be business as usual. It is going to be unusual.
And you're not going to be able to hide behind stuff anymore.
I'm telling you, you're going to be able to call the kettle black.
And you're going to say, 'I see the Holy Ghost in them versus this other,'because the dark's going to get darker and the light's going to get lighter.
And the Lord said, 'I've drawn a line in the sand and there's no more playing church.'You're going to see the real sons and daughters of God that are mature and walking with him versus the ones that are lukewarm and are playing church and going, 'Well, you know, we're just taking up an offering to take up an offering.'I'm telling you, you're going to see it.
I think we can see it now a lot of times. I can see it when you go to church and you keep getting dried up, dead word, and you listen to things on YouTube and you go, 'Come on, man.
Is that it?'Time and time again, I hear certain ministers and I look and I say, 'You've got to grab a hold of it and get excited because Jesus is coming.
It's not time for playing church anymore, y'all.'We've got to get on our face before a holy God and get excited about the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and get fired up.
The world is coming. What are they going to get when they get there?
I say it over and over again. Are they going to get some dried up, dead religious gospel?
Or are they going to get something that gives them hope to go and light fires all throughout the world?
Most of the churches you go to, you're just going to go in and get a 30-minute little sermon with a little bit of skinny jeans and fog machines like Mario Murillo says, and you're going to get in there and get shaken a little bit by some kind of guitar player up there playing a high note and you're going to go, 'Woo, that was the Holy Ghost.'And it is not the Holy Ghost.
There is no Holy Ghost in the whole service. In fact, he vacated 10 years ago, but they're still playing church and pretending and feeding you some kind of lukewarm slop and saying, 'The Lord's behind it.'And he left a long time ago.
He's like, 'I haven't been there. I don't know what's going on in there.'Trust me, I've been in there.
I said, 'Lord, what's going on?'and he said, 'I don't know. They kicked me out a long time ago.'They kicked me out a long time ago, Brandon.
It's about them and their agenda. I haven't led that church in a long time. That's a sad day. But they keep the lights on.
But I'm telling you, Jesus tells me to tell you tonight, it's time for you to be all-in.
You're running out of time. You've got to get your heart right before a holy God.
You need to repent of your sins. You need to turn to him before it's too late.
You must get on fire for Jesus. Fan the flame that is inside of you.
If you're lukewarm and you're dried up, find things that will inspire you. Hey, you know what?
We all have a tendency to get dry, but the moment we get dry, we go to the well that never shall run dry.
I may go through the valley and the dry season, but I refuse to stay there.
It's your choice. So, Father, we thank you, Lord. Stir them up, Lord.
Stir them up again. Re-fan that flame. What's inside of them? Hallelujah.
Smith Wigglesworth always used to say, 'If I haven't had a fresh revelation and a fresh touch from the Lord within every three days, I feel like I'm backsliding.'That challenged me.
They said he would have a New Testament in his pocket and he would pull it out and read it every 15 minutes because he remained full.
He'd pull out his New Testament and he would read a couple of passages of scripture.
What was he doing? Staying full. He knew you can leak out being filled with the Holy Ghost.
So Smith Wigglesworth put the book back in. He'd go down the road and he'd do his thing.
A couple minutes later, he'd pull it out and read some more. He didn't make a big scene out of it.
But what did he do? He remained being filled with the Holy Ghost.
I'm always talking to him all day long. Oh, Father. And even whenever I'm praying in the car, I'm singing songs.
I'm always trying. Even whenever I have problems reading, y'all.
I try. Find something. Find books, Diana. Read to me. Help me find something.
I say, 'It's been too long. I feel a little dry right now. Put on some praise and worship.
Let's just dip in that river a little bit.'Go down the road and we look like we're swerving all over the road.
T goes, 'Brandon, you've got to open your eyes when you're driving.'Oh, yeah, I forgot.
I'm just having a time worshiping. That's what I'm doing. Paisley's in the back praying and worshiping, too. She's like, 'Daddy, that song was good.
Let's play it again.'But it's just staying in the atmosphere of worship to keep being filled with the Holy Ghost.
And yeah, the people are rude and mean to me, but I sit there and go, 'You know what?
They don't know what they do.'And I might vent to people and tell some leaders.
And the Lord got onto me today and said, 'You've got to stop doing that.
You've got to grow up. People are going to be mean to you. I told you they would hate you, Brandon.
If they like you, then you're not doing your job right.'You're provoking them to grow.
I'm not here to be your friend. I'm here to shake you until your teeth rattle, to tell you Jesus Christ is coming.
Now, you need to get your heart right. You must know that Jesus loves you.
And there's many of you that are on the verge. If you were to die tonight, you would spend eternity in hell.
And you think you're right with Him, and He doesn't know you.
The Bible says in His Word that He said, 'You lay hands on the sick, you cast out devils in My name, you raised the dead in My name, but depart from Me, I never knew you.'That's a scary place.
I think about that verse a lot. Jesus said that in that day. Well, man, I want to make sure I'm right with the Lord all the time.
Am I staying full? Am I staying on His throne? Am I staying with Him?
Is He always filling me? Am I right? And you know, Brandon's got his issues.
Everybody's got something they're working through. But I refuse to let those things define me.
I refuse to let something define me. I'm going to change it with the Word of God.
And the only way you're ever going to change is getting this Bible inside of you from the inside out.
Finding sermons to meditate on, and it will change you; for out of the abundance of the heart, it's going to be the overflow.
I told you about the sponge. What's inside of you will overflow.
But I want to tell you tonight, it's time for you to come home.
And there's many of you that are listening right now that don't know where you would spend eternity.
If you were to die tonight, where will I spend eternity? And if you are asking that question, you are in a very scary place.
You must know. I know in whom I believe. I know I'm right with the Lord.
I am so persuaded. I am fully persuaded that I am born again. I am fully persuaded that He dwells on the inside of me. I am fully persuaded.
He said, 'My sheep'—that means He laid claim to you—'Hear my voice, and a stranger's voice they'll not follow.'That means I'm sold out.
But if you say, 'I'm not really sure,'then I would be in your situation; I'd be a little freaked out because you should know.
And the only way you're going to know is I'll say a simple prayer with you, and I'm going to pray for you.
And I believe that's the opening of the door. Salvation is just the beginning of a relationship.
It's not the end-all. It's just the opening of the door. Once you get inside that door, there's a big old house full of rooms.
The moment you confess Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior is not the end.
It's the beginning. It's opening the door. He gave you the covenant, and I have the keys to it.
I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost, and I'm going to find out what room is in here for me.
Let's see what He has going on in here. What's behind that one?
That looks good. Oh, that looks good, too. But you've got to enter the door of salvation first.
But you've got to be all in, and you've got to stop playing, and you've got to say, 'Hey, I need You.
I cannot do this life without You anymore, and I'm not playing church anymore.'And if you're all in tonight and you're saying, 'Brandon, I need to be that.
I want to be that. Would you please pray for me? Will you just say a simple prayer for me, Brandon?'No, no, no.
You say it for yourself. I'm going to lead you and you're going to say it out of the abundance of your heart.
And you're just going to say it and you're going to be all in tonight.
But you're going to get radical with Jesus and He's going to become radical with you.
So, if I'm talking to you and you say, 'Well, Brandon, I used to be there.
I used to be excited about being a Christian.'Over the course of time, I talked to a man recently and he said, 'I used to be saved.
My dad was really mean to me. I had a really hard childhood. I was a Baptist.
I did all these things, but I only every once in a while read my Bible because of the hell I went through whenever I was a kid, and I really don't want to have anything to do with church.'And I look at it and the Lord said, 'I want you to ask him basically how he is doing spiritually.'And I witnessed to this man.
And the Lord said, 'I want you to pray for him.'Some plants, some water, but God brings forth the increase.
And tonight, somebody might have planted and somebody might have watered, but God could be using me right now to bring forth the increase to tell you it's time for you to come home. But He's the one doing it, not Brandon Biggs.
But this could be your opportunity to give your heart to Jesus Christ and say, 'Listen, I'm all in.'So I want to say a simple prayer for you and I want you to repeat it after me, and this could be your last opportunity.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or whatever, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
No one's promised tomorrow; salvation is now. Don't keep putting it off.
You may not have another opportunity, but I want to pray for you and I want you to get excited because this is the best decision you've ever made when you get sold out to the Lord.
Say, 'Jesus, say this little prayer.'It's simple. A five-year-old can say it.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God. I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I am a sinner and I need a Savior. I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
As of tonight, I turn my back on the sin that I was doing. I turn my back on the devil.
I will not serve or do anything else in the devil's kingdom. And from this day forward, I'm sold out to You.
I ask You to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life, Jesus. I ask You to fill me now, and I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Jesus, I thank You that from this day forward I'm Yours. And I thank You that if I was to die tonight, now I'll be with You in paradise forever, Lord.
I'm sold out to You. I belong to You. I ask You to help me. I thank You, Lord, that You are now my leader.
I give You my life. I give You my all and I thank You, Lord, that You are steering my life from this day forward.
I am so thankful that I'm saved. I'm so thankful that my sins are washed in Your precious blood and what You did for me on Calvary.
I thank You, Lord, that I now belong to You. Amen and amen.'If you just said that simple prayer, I believe you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Now, what do you do? You go to a Bible-believing church. I'd go to one that preaches the fire like I'm talking about.
Don't go to some dried-up dead church. And you'll know the difference when you go in.
You probably won't be able to hang out with the people you used to hang out with.
You can invite them to come to church with you and you say, 'Listen, you come to church with me.
I made a new decision tonight and I don't want to go back to doing all the strip clubs and all the things we used to do, but today I'm going to go to church.
Do you want to come with me?'and they say, 'You know, I'm not into it.'That's all right.
You will because they're going to see that you're changed from the inside out.
They're going to see fruit in your life. And you go find some new friends. But I'm telling you, they'll eventually seek you out.
Because when all poo hits the fan and they're looking at you going, 'Man, I need what he has, what she has,'they'll be coming.
But you remain strong. Get plugged into that church. Go there and tell them, 'Listen, I want to be water baptized.'Get water-baptized.
Get plugged in. Get excited about what your decision was tonight and go to Bible study.
Go whatever they got going on—Sundays, Wednesdays, whatever they got special guest speakers, go show up, listen to it, feed on the Word of God.
That's the only way you're going to be able to stand in these evil days—by getting this Word down inside of you.
If you don't have a Bible and you live in America, we're able to do this. My wife and I will send you a Bible for free.
We just want to tell you congratulations on your decision to give your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
All you have to do is email us at the address in the description down below and include your name.
You have to put your name in there and your address and say, "Listen, I was born again watching you,"and we will send you a Bible.
We just want to tell you we love you and celebrate your decision tonight.
We're not going to harass you. We don't ever ask for anything. We just want to say congratulations.
So if that's you tonight and you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ, how many people gave their heart to Jesus tonight?
Do you know? Braden's figuring up the total so far. 36. 36 gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family, all 36 of you so far who have given your heart to Jesus.
I'm so glad you're here and we're so thankful that you are being a part of it.
Like, subscribe, click the notification, and be a part of our YouTube channel here.
Come back and pray with us all the time. We're going to be here praying.
Sometimes I say a lot more than I normally pray, but I felt to say what I said tonight.
And I know that it touched somebody's heart because I felt the Holy Ghost on me.
And so 36 of you gave your heart to Jesus Christ and we're so thankful that you came out and you prayed with us and you were part of our YouTube broadcast.
We're saving the lost one soul at a time and we believe the best is yet to come.
We're believing for a million-man and -woman prayer army, raising up a generation of prayer warriors for such a time as this so that we will change things through prayer.
We believe that God shows us things and that which is to come so that we can pray against the plans and plots of the enemy, and we will disrupt his kingdom and his plans and his plots against America and around the world through the power of prayer.
Not everything can be stopped. But I believe God has called us and chosen us for such a time as this to tread on serpents and scorpions and to kick the devil in the head one more time.
And I believe with all my heart we're doing that in the mighty name of Jesus by every one of you that come out and pray with us.
Thank you so much for being here. Well, praise the Lord. 36 people.
That's pretty cool. Yes. Yesterday was 50-some. Day before was 40-some.
So, every day we've had at least over 20-some. Oh, 59 yesterday.
So, 59 yesterday, 30-some today, 40-some the day before. Braden tries to keep track of it; it all adds up pretty fast.
And that's why I said over a course of a month, it's a lot. Yes. Even a week.
Braden looks at every week because it's not just this channel.
South Korea gets a lot of people born again. We lead a lot of people in South Korea.
Jesus! South Korea is one of my favorite channels. So, Father, we just thank you, Lord, for every person who came out tonight.
We lift them up in the mighty name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that everything they have need of, you've met it.
And we call them healed and whole and well from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We thank you, Lord, that there's nothing missing, nothing broken. They're filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
And Father, they are looking up because we know our redemption draws nigh.
I bless their work tomorrow. I bless whatever they put their hands to, and it will prosper. I thank you Lord that they lack no good thing.
Father, I thank you Lord that they are filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit in a supernatural way in these supernatural hours.
Father, whenever they are in the workplace or in the grocery store, people see Jesus in them and they say, "What is so different about you?"And they always have a testimony to say, "I was once lost, but now I'm found.
I want to tell you about my friend."And so God, we thank you Lord for every person who came out tonight.
We thank and praise you Father for our president. We thank you Lord for where we are with our economy.
And we call in the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we thank you Lord that our storehouses are full to overflowing and we lack no good thing.
I'm so grateful, Father, for every person who's here tonight.
We lift them up in Jesus'name. Amen and amen. Well, we love you and we'll be back again. Tomorrow is Friday.
Can you believe a work week's already almost over and we pushed through another week?
We have a lot to pray about still. So join us again and every time it's different.
Love you all. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all and we'll see you again. Have a nice night. Bye bye.